    Codepen: https://codepen.io/bmj3165/pen/rNWMagZ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is an element that describes the meaning of it.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to structure a web page.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide additional information about elements and we put them within the element.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag indicates the most important heading and should only be used once.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?
        img, link

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

    7. What is an id? 
        Id gives a unique id to an HTML element.
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once
    
    10. What is a class? 
        Class is and attribute to specify an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Multiple
        
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It gives an alternate text name for the image

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idName

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    
    17. What is CSS used for?
        Style HTML 
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class can be used multiple times on any element and an ID can only be used once

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: px;
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: px
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase
        text-transform: lowercase
        text-transform: capitalize
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment*/
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm. It doesn't ask you to confirm you want to delete the file.
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To keep track of changes to code
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push origin -u "branch-name"
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork project in github
        Copy URL
        Open terminal
        CD into desired directory
        git clone "URL"
        CD into project folder
        git checkout -b "branch-name"
        code . 
        Save work in VS Code
        git add .
        git commit -m "add comment"
        git push -u origin "branch-name"
        Go to forked repo in github
        Change branch to yours
        Click on pull request
        Change compare to your repo
        Submit pull request


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 